Q1. Why do we call Python as a general purpose and high-level programming language?
Ans: Python is an object-oriented, high-level programming language. Object-oriented means this language is based around objects (such as data) rather than functions, and high-level means it's easy for humans to understand.

Q2. Why is Python called a dynamically typed language?
Python is a dynamically typed language. It doesn’t know about the type of the variable until the code is run. So declaration is of no use. What it does is, It stores 
that value at some memory location and then binds that variable name to that memory container. And makes the contents of the container accessible through that 
variable name. So the data type does not matter. As it will get to know the type of the value at run-time.

Q3. List some pros and cons of Python programming language?
Ans: 
Pros
*Python is easy to learn and read
*Python enhances productivity
*Python has a vast collection of libraries
*Python is free, open-source, and has a vibrant community
*Python is an interpreted language:
High-level programming languages are known to require compilation to binary - Python does not.
In the case of Python , the program is executed from the source code directly. So all you need to do is to ensure that the right libraries are linked to the program.
Python's mode of operation is special. It converts the source code into bytecodes and these bytecodes are then translated into the native language before the program is executed.
You do not have to compile programs here, which makes things simpler and faster for you.

Cons:
*Python has speed limitations: The program is not fast when executing codes, and this has a lot to do with the fact that Python is a dynamically typed and interpreted programming language.
*Python can have runtime errors: While using Python , you can expect to see runtime errors because of the dynamical typing feature of this programming language.
*Python consumes a lot of memory space

Q4. In what all domains can we use Python?
Ans: Data Science,Automation,Application Development,AI & Machine Learning,Audio/Video Applications (eg: spotify), Desktop GUI.

Q5. What are variable and how can we declare them?
Ans: Python Variable is containers which store values. Python is not “statically typed”. We do not need to declare variables before using them or declare their type. A variable is created the moment we first assign a value to it. A Python variable is a name given to a memory location. It is the basic unit of storage in a program.
Rules for creating variables in Python:
A variable name must start with a letter or the underscore character.
A variable name cannot start with a number.
A variable name can only contain alpha-numeric characters and underscores (A-z, 0-9, and _ ).
Variable names are case-sensitive (name, Name and NAME are three different variables).
The reserved words(keywords) cannot be used naming the variable.

Q6. How can we take an input from the user in Python?
Ans: Python input() function is used to take user input. By default, it returns the user input in form of a string.
color = input("What color is rose?: ")
print("Rose is", color)

Output:

What color is rose?: red
Rose is red

we will be looking at how to take integer input from users. To take integer input we will be using int() along with Python input()
eg: num1 = int(input("Please Enter First Number: "))

Q7. What is the default datatype of the value that has been taken as an input using input() function?
Ans: String

Q8. What is type casting?
Ans: Converting the one data to other.

Q9. Can we take more than one input from the user using single input() function? If yes, how? If no, why?
Ans: Python user can take multiple values or inputs in one line by two methods. 
Using split() method
Using List comprehension

Syntax : 

input().split(separator, maxsplit)
x, y = input("Enter two values: ").split()
print("Number of boys: ", x)
print("Number of girls: ", y)

Using List comprehension
x, y = [int(x) for x in input("Enter two values: ").split()]
print("First Number is: ", x)
print("Second Number is: ", y)

Q10. What are keywords?
Keywords are some predefined and reserved words in python that have special meanings. Keywords are used to define the syntax of the coding. The keyword cannot be used as an identifier, function, and variable name. All the keywords in python are written in lower case except True and False.

Q11. Can we use keywords as a variable? Support your answer with reason.
Ans: No we cannot.

Q14. What are operators in Python?
Ans: OPERATORS: Are the special symbols. Eg- + , * , /, etc.
     OPERAND: It is the value on which the operator is applied.
     
     PRECEDENCE:
P – Parentheses
E – Exponentiation
M – Multiplication     (Multiplication and division have the same precedence)
D – Division
A – Addition     (Addition and subtraction have the same precedence)
S – Subtraction

Identity Operators
is and is not are the identity operators both are used to check if two values are located on the same part of the memory. Two variables that are equal do not imply that they are identical. 

is          True if the operands are identical 
is not      True if the operands are not identical 

Q15. What is difference between / and // operators?
Ans: /	Division (float): divides the first operand by the second
     //	Division (floor): divides the first operand by the second
    
Q16. Write a code that gives following as an output.
```
iNeuroniNeuroniNeuroniNeuron
```
Ans: print("INeuron"*4)

Q18. What are boolean operator?
Ans: https://realpython.com/python-and-operator/

